Add reference to customization guide in steps-after-generation.md (#36860)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: documentation/steps-after-generations.md

pnpm build --filter=<your-package-name>...
```

# Customizing the generated code

> If the generated code does not fit your needs, you can use the JavaScript customization workflow to make edits. This should only be done in coordination with the JavaScript architects. For more information, see the [Modular (DPG) Customization Guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/wiki/Modular-(DPG)-Customization-Guide).

Author: ```suggestion
If the generated code does not fit your needs, you can use the JavaScript customization workflow to make edits. This should only be done in coordination with the JavaScript architects. For more information, see the [Modular (DPG) Customization Guide](https://aka.ms/azsdk/js/customization).
```
